crates/repl_wasm/README.md, before:

# Web REPL

## Running locally

### 1. Build the web REPL

This builds the compiler as a `.wasm` file, and generates JS glue code.
It will `cargo install` the `wasm-pack` command line tool if you don't already have it.

```bash
crates/repl_wasm/build-www.sh
```

### 2. Make symlinks to the generated Wasm and JS

```bash
mkdir -p www/public/repl
cd www/public/repl
ln -s ../../../crates/repl_wasm/build/roc_repl_wasm_bg.wasm
ln -s ../../../crates/repl_wasm/build/roc_repl_wasm.js
```
These symlinks are ignored by Git.

> This is a bit different from the production build, where we copy all the files to `www/build/`. But for development, it's convenient to have just one copy of files like `www/public/repl/repl.js`. You can make changes, reload your browser to see them, and commit them to Git, without getting mixed up between different copies of the same file.

### 3. Run a local HTTP server

Browsers won't load .wasm files over the `file://` protocol, so you need to serve the files in `./www/build/` from a local web server.
Any server will do, but this example should work on any system that has Python 3 installed:

```bash
cd www/public
python3 -m http.server
```

### 4. Open your browser

You should be able to find the Roc REPL at <http://127.0.0.1:8000/repl> (or whatever port your web server mentioned when it started up.)

**Warning:** This is work in progress! Not all language features are implemented yet, error messages don't look nice yet, up/down arrows don't work for history, etc.

![Screenshot](./screenshot.png)

## How it works

- User types text into the HTML `<input />` tag
- JS detects the `onchange` event and passes the input text to the Roc compiler WebAssembly module
- Roc compiler WebAssembly module
  - Parses the text (currently just a single line)
  - Type checks
  - Monomorphizes
  - Generates WebAssembly using the development backend (not LLVM)
  - Returns a slice of bytes to JavaScript
- JavaScript
  - Takes the slice of bytes and creates a `WebAssembly.Instance`
  - Runs the WebAssembly app
  - Gets the memory address of the result and makes a copy of the app's entire memory buffer
  - Passes the result address and the memory buffer to the compiler for analysis
- Roc compiler WebAssembly module
  - Analyses the bytes of the result, based on the known return type from earlier
  - Traverses the copied memory buffer to find any child values
  - Produces a user-friendly String and passes it to JavaScript
- JavaScript
  - Displays the input and output text on the web page

![High-level diagram](./architecture.png)

## Related crates

There are several directories/packages involved here:

- `www/public/repl/index.html`: The web page with its JavaScript and a build script
- `crates/repl_wasm`: The Rust crate that becomes the "compiler" WebAssembly module
- `crates/repl_eval`: REPL logic shared between `crates/repl_cli` and `crates/repl_wasm`

Commit message:

website has moved to https://github.com/roc-lang/www.roc-lang.org (#8094)
* website has moved to https://github.com/roc-lang/www.roc-lang.org

* CI remove website build

Signed-off-by: Anton-4 <17049058+Anton-4@users.noreply.github.com>

* remove website build script CI

Signed-off-by: Anton-4 <17049058+Anton-4@users.noreply.github.com>

* additional cleanup

---------

Signed-off-by: Anton-4 <17049058+Anton-4@users.noreply.github.com>

crates/repl_wasm/README.md, after:

# Web REPL

## Running locally

### 1. Build the web REPL

This builds the compiler as a `.wasm` file, and generates JS glue code.
It will `cargo install` the `wasm-pack` command line tool if you don't already have it.

```bash
crates/repl_wasm/build-www.sh
```

### 2. Make symlinks to the generated Wasm and JS

For website folder see https://github.com/roc-lang/www.roc-lang.org
```bash
mkdir -p website/public/repl
cd website/public/repl
ln -s ../../../crates/repl_wasm/build/roc_repl_wasm_bg.wasm
ln -s ../../../crates/repl_wasm/build/roc_repl_wasm.js
```
These symlinks are ignored by Git.

> This is a bit different from the production build, where we copy all the files to `website/build/`. But for development, it's convenient to have just one copy of files like `website/public/repl/repl.js`. You can make changes, reload your browser to see them, and commit them to Git, without getting mixed up between different copies of the same file.

### 3. Run a local HTTP server

Browsers won't load .wasm files over the `file://` protocol, so you need to serve the files in `./website/build/` from a local web server.
Any server will do, but this example should work on any system that has Python 3 installed:

```bash
cd website/public
python3 -m http.server
```

### 4. Open your browser

You should be able to find the Roc REPL at <http://127.0.0.1:8000/repl> (or whatever port your web server mentioned when it started up.)

**Warning:** This is work in progress! Not all language features are implemented yet, error messages don't look nice yet, up/down arrows don't work for history, etc.

![Screenshot](./screenshot.png)

## How it works

- User types text into the HTML `<input />` tag
- JS detects the `onchange` event and passes the input text to the Roc compiler WebAssembly module
- Roc compiler WebAssembly module
  - Parses the text (currently just a single line)
  - Type checks
  - Monomorphizes
  - Generates WebAssembly using the development backend (not LLVM)
  - Returns a slice of bytes to JavaScript
- JavaScript
  - Takes the slice of bytes and creates a `WebAssembly.Instance`
  - Runs the WebAssembly app
  - Gets the memory address of the result and makes a copy of the app's entire memory buffer
  - Passes the result address and the memory buffer to the compiler for analysis
- Roc compiler WebAssembly module
  - Analyses the bytes of the result, based on the known return type from earlier
  - Traverses the copied memory buffer to find any child values
  - Produces a user-friendly String and passes it to JavaScript
- JavaScript
  - Displays the input and output text on the web page

![High-level diagram](./architecture.png)

## Related crates

There are several directories/packages involved here:

- `website/public/repl/index.html`: The web page with its JavaScript and a build script
- `crates/repl_wasm`: The Rust crate that becomes the "compiler" WebAssembly module
- `crates/repl_eval`: REPL logic shared between `crates/repl_cli` and `crates/repl_wasm`
