test/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_050.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module[]_0={
)
 
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION - fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2
PARSE ERROR - fuzz_crash_050.md:4:1:4:1
UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX - fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2
# PROBLEMS
**UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION**
The token **)** is not expected in an expression.
Expressions can be identifiers, literals, function calls, or operators.

**fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2:**
```roc
)
```
^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_close_curly`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**fuzz_crash_050.md:4:1:4:1:**
```roc

```
^


**UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX**
I don't recognize this syntax.

**fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2:**
```roc
)
```
^

This might be a syntax error, an unsupported language feature, or a typo.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:7-1:8),CloseSquare(1:8-1:9),NamedUnderscore(1:9-1:11),OpAssign(1:11-1:12),OpenCurly(1:12-1:13),
CloseRound(2:1-2:2),
EndOfFile(4:1-4:1),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-2.2
	(module @1.1-1.9
		(exposes @1.7-1.9))
	(statements
		(s-decl @1.9-2.2
			(p-ident @1.9-1.11 (raw "_0"))
			(e-block @1.12-2.2
				(statements
					(e-malformed @2.1-2.2 (reason "expr_unexpected_token")))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []
_0 = {
	

}
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @1.9-1.11 (ident "_0"))
		(e-block @1.12-2.2
			(e-runtime-error (tag "expr_not_canonicalized")))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @1.9-1.11 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @1.12-2.2 (type "Error"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Deprecate module header, replace with type modules

test/snapshots/fuzz_crash/fuzz_crash_050.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=fuzz crash
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module[]_0={
)
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION - fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2
PARSE ERROR - fuzz_crash_050.md:3:1:3:1
MODULE HEADER DEPRECATED - fuzz_crash_050.md:1:1:1:9
UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX - fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2
# PROBLEMS
**UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION**
The token **)** is not expected in an expression.
Expressions can be identifiers, literals, function calls, or operators.

**fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2:**
```roc
)
```
^


**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_close_curly`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

**fuzz_crash_050.md:3:1:3:1:**
```roc

```
^


**MODULE HEADER DEPRECATED**
The `module` header is deprecated.

Type modules (headerless files with a top-level type matching the filename) are now the preferred way to define modules.

Remove the `module` header and ensure your file defines a type that matches the filename.
**fuzz_crash_050.md:1:1:1:9:**
```roc
module[]_0={
```
^^^^^^^^


**UNRECOGNIZED SYNTAX**
I don't recognize this syntax.

**fuzz_crash_050.md:2:1:2:2:**
```roc
)
```
^

This might be a syntax error, an unsupported language feature, or a typo.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:7-1:8),CloseSquare(1:8-1:9),NamedUnderscore(1:9-1:11),OpAssign(1:11-1:12),OpenCurly(1:12-1:13),
CloseRound(2:1-2:2),
EndOfFile(3:1-3:1),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-2.2
	(module @1.1-1.9
		(exposes @1.7-1.9))
	(statements
		(s-decl @1.9-2.2
			(p-ident @1.9-1.11 (raw "_0"))
			(e-block @1.12-2.2
				(statements
					(e-malformed @2.1-2.2 (reason "expr_unexpected_token")))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []
_0 = {
	
}
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @1.9-1.11 (ident "_0"))
		(e-block @1.12-2.2
			(e-runtime-error (tag "expr_not_canonicalized")))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @1.9-1.11 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @1.12-2.2 (type "Error"))))
~~~
