src/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_4.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=where_clauses (4)
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [decode]

import Decode exposing [Decode]

decodeThings : List(List(U8)) -> List(a)
	where module(a).Decode
~~~
# EXPECTED
EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED - where_clauses_4.md:1:9:1:15
# PROBLEMS
**EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED**

**Exposed but Not Defined**
'decode' is exposed in the module header but is not defined:
**where_clauses_4.md:1:9:1:15:**
```roc
module [decode]
```
        ^^^^^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:15),CloseSquare(1:15-1:16),
KwImport(3:1-3:7),UpperIdent(3:8-3:14),KwExposing(3:15-3:23),OpenSquare(3:24-3:25),UpperIdent(3:25-3:31),CloseSquare(3:31-3:32),
LowerIdent(5:1-5:13),OpColon(5:14-5:15),UpperIdent(5:16-5:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(5:20-5:21),UpperIdent(5:21-5:25),NoSpaceOpenRound(5:25-5:26),UpperIdent(5:26-5:28),CloseRound(5:28-5:29),CloseRound(5:29-5:30),OpArrow(5:31-5:33),UpperIdent(5:34-5:38),NoSpaceOpenRound(5:38-5:39),LowerIdent(5:39-5:40),CloseRound(5:40-5:41),
KwWhere(6:2-6:7),KwModule(6:8-6:14),NoSpaceOpenRound(6:14-6:15),LowerIdent(6:15-6:16),CloseRound(6:16-6:17),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(6:17-6:24),EndOfFile(6:24-6:24),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-6.24
	(module @1.1-1.16
		(exposes @1.8-1.16
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.15
				(text "decode"))))
	(statements
		(s-import @3.1-3.32 (raw "Decode")
			(exposing
				(exposed-upper-ident @3.25-3.31 (text "Decode"))))
		(s-type-anno @5.1-6.24 (name "decodeThings")
			(ty-fn @5.16-5.41
				(ty-apply @5.16-5.30
					(ty @5.16-5.20 (name "List"))
					(ty-apply @5.21-5.29
						(ty @5.21-5.25 (name "List"))
						(ty @5.26-5.28 (name "U8"))))
				(ty-apply @5.34-5.41
					(ty @5.34-5.38 (name "List"))
					(ty-var @5.39-5.40 (raw "a"))))
			(where
				(alias @6.8-6.24 (module-of "a") (name "Decode"))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(s-import @3.1-3.32 (module "Decode")
		(exposes
			(exposed-item (name "Decode") (is_wildcard false))))
	(s-type-anno @5.1-6.24 (name "decodeThings")
		(ty-fn @5.16-5.41 (effectful false)
			(ty-apply @5.16-5.30 (symbol "List")
				(ty-apply @5.21-5.29 (symbol "List")
					(ty @5.26-5.28 (name "U8"))))
			(ty-apply @5.34-5.41 (symbol "List")
				(ty-var @5.39-5.40 (name "a"))))
		(where
			(where-clause
				(type "mod-alias")
				(var-name "a")
				(alias-name "Decode"))))
	(external-decl (qualified-name "module(a).Decode") (module-name "module(a)") (local-name "Decode") (kind "type")))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix def output structure in canonicalized IR
Remove wrapper nodes (pattern) and (expr) from d-let output to match
origin/main structure. Also sync Kind enum between canonicalize/CIR.zig
and compile/CIR.zig to include stmt and ignored variants.

src/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_4.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=where_clauses (4)
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [decode]

import Decode exposing [Decode]

decodeThings : List(List(U8)) -> List(a)
	where module(a).Decode
~~~
# EXPECTED
EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED - where_clauses_4.md:1:9:1:15
# PROBLEMS
**EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED**
The module header says that `decode` is exposed, but it is not defined anywhere in this module.

**where_clauses_4.md:1:9:1:15:**
```roc
module [decode]
```
        ^^^^^^
You can fix this by either defining `decode` in this module, or by removing it from the list of exposed values.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:15),CloseSquare(1:15-1:16),
KwImport(3:1-3:7),UpperIdent(3:8-3:14),KwExposing(3:15-3:23),OpenSquare(3:24-3:25),UpperIdent(3:25-3:31),CloseSquare(3:31-3:32),
LowerIdent(5:1-5:13),OpColon(5:14-5:15),UpperIdent(5:16-5:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(5:20-5:21),UpperIdent(5:21-5:25),NoSpaceOpenRound(5:25-5:26),UpperIdent(5:26-5:28),CloseRound(5:28-5:29),CloseRound(5:29-5:30),OpArrow(5:31-5:33),UpperIdent(5:34-5:38),NoSpaceOpenRound(5:38-5:39),LowerIdent(5:39-5:40),CloseRound(5:40-5:41),
KwWhere(6:2-6:7),KwModule(6:8-6:14),NoSpaceOpenRound(6:14-6:15),LowerIdent(6:15-6:16),CloseRound(6:16-6:17),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(6:17-6:24),EndOfFile(6:24-6:24),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-6.24
	(module @1.1-1.16
		(exposes @1.8-1.16
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.15
				(text "decode"))))
	(statements
		(s-import @3.1-3.32 (raw "Decode")
			(exposing
				(exposed-upper-ident @3.25-3.31 (text "Decode"))))
		(s-type-anno @5.1-6.24 (name "decodeThings")
			(ty-fn @5.16-5.41
				(ty-apply @5.16-5.30
					(ty @5.16-5.20 (name "List"))
					(ty-apply @5.21-5.29
						(ty @5.21-5.25 (name "List"))
						(ty @5.26-5.28 (name "U8"))))
				(ty-apply @5.34-5.41
					(ty @5.34-5.38 (name "List"))
					(ty-var @5.39-5.40 (raw "a"))))
			(where
				(alias @6.8-6.24 (module-of "a") (name "Decode"))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(s-import @3.1-3.32 (module "Decode")
		(exposes
			(exposed (name "Decode") (wildcard false))))
	(s-type-anno @5.1-6.24 (name "decodeThings")
		(ty-fn @5.16-5.41 (effectful false)
			(ty-apply @5.16-5.30 (symbol "List")
				(ty-apply @5.21-5.29 (symbol "List")
					(ty @5.26-5.28 (name "U8"))))
			(ty-apply @5.34-5.41 (symbol "List")
				(ty-var @5.39-5.40 (name "a"))))
		(where
			(alias @6.8-6.24 (module-of "a") (ident "Decode"))))
	(ext-decl @6.8-6.24 (ident "module(a).Decode") (kind "type")))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~
