test/snapshots/hello_world.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Hello world
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main!] }

import pf.Stdout

main! = |_| Stdout.line!("Hello, world!")
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwApp OpenCurly LowerIdent OpColon String KwPlatform OpenSquare LowerIdent OpBang CloseSquare CloseCurly KwImport LowerIdent Dot UpperIdent LowerIdent OpBang OpAssign OpBar Underscore OpBar UpperIdent Dot LowerIdent OpBang OpenRound String CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(app-header
  (packages
    (binop_colon
      (lc "pf")
      (binop_platform
        (str_literal_big "../basic-cli/platform.roc")
        (block
          (lc "main")
        )
      )
    )
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main] }

import pf.Stdout
main! = |_| Stdout.line!("Hello, world!")
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**Unsupported Node**
at 3:1 to 3:17

**Unsupported Node**
at 5:13 to 5:19

# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_a")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
~~~

Commit message:

Fix blank line and comment handling

test/snapshots/hello_world.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Hello world
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main!] }

import pf.Stdout

main! = |_| Stdout.line!("Hello, world!")
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwApp OpenCurly LowerIdent OpColon String KwPlatform OpenSquare LowerIdent OpBang CloseSquare CloseCurly BlankLine KwImport LowerIdent Dot UpperIdent BlankLine LowerIdent OpBang OpAssign OpBar Underscore OpBar UpperIdent Dot LowerIdent OpBang OpenRound String CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(app-header
  (packages
    (binop_colon
      (lc "pf")
      (binop_platform
        (str_literal_big "../basic-cli/platform.roc")
        (block
          (not_lc "main")
        )
      )
    )
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main!] }

import pf.Stdout
main! = |_| Stdout.line!("Hello, world!")
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**hello_world.md:3:1:3:17:**
```roc
import pf.Stdout
```
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**hello_world.md:5:13:5:19:**
```roc
main! = |_| Stdout.line!("Hello, world!")
```
            ^^^^^^


# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_a")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
~~~
