test/snapshots/nominal_type_origin_mismatch.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type mismatch showing nominal type origin from different module
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module []

import Data exposing [Person]

expectsPerson : Person -> Str
expectsPerson = |p| "Got a person"

main =
    # This will cause a type mismatch
    expectsPerson("not a person")
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare CloseSquare KwImport UpperIdent KwExposing OpenSquare UpperIdent CloseSquare LowerIdent OpColon UpperIdent OpArrow UpperIdent LowerIdent OpAssign OpBar LowerIdent OpBar String LowerIdent OpAssign LowerIdent OpenRound String CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header)
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []

import Data exposing [Person]
expectsPerson : Person -> Str
expectsPerson = |p| "Got a person"
main = expectsPerson("not a person")
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**Unsupported Node**
at 3:1 to 3:30

# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "expectsPerson")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.apply_tag)
      (Expr.apply_tag)
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "expectsPerson")
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "main")
    (Expr.apply_ident)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_a")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
expectsPerson : _a
main : _a
~~~

Commit message:

Fix blank line and comment handling

test/snapshots/nominal_type_origin_mismatch.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type mismatch showing nominal type origin from different module
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module []

import Data exposing [Person]

expectsPerson : Person -> Str
expectsPerson = |p| "Got a person"

main =
    # This will cause a type mismatch
    expectsPerson("not a person")
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare CloseSquare BlankLine KwImport UpperIdent KwExposing OpenSquare UpperIdent CloseSquare BlankLine LowerIdent OpColon UpperIdent OpArrow UpperIdent LowerIdent OpAssign OpBar LowerIdent OpBar String BlankLine LowerIdent OpAssign LineComment LowerIdent OpenRound String CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header)
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module []

import Data exposing [Person]
expectsPerson : Person -> Str
expectsPerson = |p| "Got a person"
main = expectsPerson("not a person")# This will cause a type mismatch
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**nominal_type_origin_mismatch.md:3:1:3:30:**
```roc
import Data exposing [Person]
```
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "expectsPerson")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.apply_tag)
      (Expr.apply_tag)
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "expectsPerson")
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "main")
    (Expr.apply_ident)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_a")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
expectsPerson : _a
main : _a
~~~
