test/snapshots/pure_annotation_effectful_body_error.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type mismatch - pure annotation with effectful body
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main!] }

import pf.Stdout

# This should be a type error: pure annotation but effectful body
bad_function : Str -> {}
bad_function = |msg| Stdout.line!(msg)

main! = bad_function("This should fail")
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwApp OpenCurly LowerIdent OpColon String KwPlatform OpenSquare LowerIdent OpBang CloseSquare CloseCurly KwImport LowerIdent Dot UpperIdent LowerIdent OpColon UpperIdent OpArrow OpenCurly CloseCurly LowerIdent OpAssign OpBar LowerIdent OpBar UpperIdent Dot LowerIdent OpBang OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound LowerIdent OpBang OpAssign LowerIdent OpenRound String CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(app-header
  (packages
    (binop_colon
      (lc "pf")
      (binop_platform
        (str_literal_big "../basic-cli/platform.roc")
        (block
          (lc "main")
        )
      )
    )
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main] }

import pf.Stdout
bad_function : Str -> {}
bad_function = |msg| Stdout.line!(msg)
main! = bad_function("This should fail")
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**Unsupported Node**
at 3:1 to 3:17

**Unsupported Node**
at 7:22 to 7:28

# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "bad_function")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.apply_tag)
      (Expr.record_literal
      )
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "bad_function")
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.apply_ident)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_a")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
bad_function : _a
~~~

Commit message:

Fix blank line and comment handling

test/snapshots/pure_annotation_effectful_body_error.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type mismatch - pure annotation with effectful body
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main!] }

import pf.Stdout

# This should be a type error: pure annotation but effectful body
bad_function : Str -> {}
bad_function = |msg| Stdout.line!(msg)

main! = bad_function("This should fail")
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwApp OpenCurly LowerIdent OpColon String KwPlatform OpenSquare LowerIdent OpBang CloseSquare CloseCurly BlankLine KwImport LowerIdent Dot UpperIdent BlankLine LineComment LowerIdent OpColon UpperIdent OpArrow OpenCurly CloseCurly LowerIdent OpAssign OpBar LowerIdent OpBar UpperIdent Dot LowerIdent OpBang OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound BlankLine LowerIdent OpBang OpAssign LowerIdent OpenRound String CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(app-header
  (packages
    (binop_colon
      (lc "pf")
      (binop_platform
        (str_literal_big "../basic-cli/platform.roc")
        (block
          (not_lc "main")
        )
      )
    )
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app { pf: "../basic-cli/platform.roc" platform [main!] }

import pf.Stdout
bad_function : Str -> {}
bad_function = |msg| Stdout.line!(msg)
main! = bad_function("This should fail")# This should be a type error: pure annotation but effectful body
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**pure_annotation_effectful_body_error.md:3:1:3:17:**
```roc
import pf.Stdout
```
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**pure_annotation_effectful_body_error.md:7:22:7:28:**
```roc
bad_function = |msg| Stdout.line!(msg)
```
                     ^^^^^^


# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "bad_function")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.apply_tag)
      (Expr.record_literal
      )
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "bad_function")
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.apply_ident)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_a")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
bad_function : _a
~~~
