test/snapshots/type_alias_simple.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Simple type alias usage in function annotation
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }

UserId : U64

getUser : UserId -> Str
getUser = |id| if (id > 10) "big" else "small"

main! = |_| getUser(100)
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
NIL
# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwApp(1:1-1:4),OpenSquare(1:5-1:6),LowerIdent(1:6-1:11),CloseSquare(1:11-1:12),OpenCurly(1:13-1:14),LowerIdent(1:15-1:17),OpColon(1:17-1:18),KwPlatform(1:19-1:27),StringStart(1:28-1:29),StringPart(1:29-1:50),StringEnd(1:50-1:51),CloseCurly(1:52-1:53),
UpperIdent(3:1-3:7),OpColon(3:8-3:9),UpperIdent(3:10-3:13),
LowerIdent(5:1-5:8),OpColon(5:9-5:10),UpperIdent(5:11-5:17),OpArrow(5:18-5:20),UpperIdent(5:21-5:24),
LowerIdent(6:1-6:8),OpAssign(6:9-6:10),OpBar(6:11-6:12),LowerIdent(6:12-6:14),OpBar(6:14-6:15),KwIf(6:16-6:18),OpenRound(6:19-6:20),LowerIdent(6:20-6:22),OpGreaterThan(6:23-6:24),Int(6:25-6:27),CloseRound(6:27-6:28),StringStart(6:29-6:30),StringPart(6:30-6:33),StringEnd(6:33-6:34),KwElse(6:35-6:39),StringStart(6:40-6:41),StringPart(6:41-6:46),StringEnd(6:46-6:47),
LowerIdent(8:1-8:6),OpAssign(8:7-8:8),OpBar(8:9-8:10),Underscore(8:10-8:11),OpBar(8:11-8:12),LowerIdent(8:13-8:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(8:20-8:21),Int(8:21-8:24),CloseRound(8:24-8:25),
EndOfFile(9:1-9:1),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-8.25
	(app @1.1-1.53
		(provides @1.5-1.12
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.6-1.11
				(text "main!")))
		(record-field @1.15-1.51 (name "pf")
			(e-string @1.28-1.51
				(e-string-part @1.29-1.50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))
		(packages @1.13-1.53
			(record-field @1.15-1.51 (name "pf")
				(e-string @1.28-1.51
					(e-string-part @1.29-1.50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))))
	(statements
		(s-type-decl @3.1-3.13
			(header @3.1-3.7 (name "UserId")
				(args))
			(ty @3.10-3.13 (name "U64")))
		(s-type-anno @5.1-5.24 (name "getUser")
			(ty-fn @5.11-5.24
				(ty @5.11-5.17 (name "UserId"))
				(ty @5.21-5.24 (name "Str"))))
		(s-decl @6.1-6.47
			(p-ident @6.1-6.8 (raw "getUser"))
			(e-lambda @6.11-6.47
				(args
					(p-ident @6.12-6.14 (raw "id")))
				(e-if-then-else @6.16-6.47
					(e-tuple @6.19-6.28
						(e-binop @6.20-6.27 (op ">")
							(e-ident @6.20-6.22 (raw "id"))
							(e-int @6.25-6.27 (raw "10"))))
					(e-string @6.29-6.34
						(e-string-part @6.30-6.33 (raw "big")))
					(e-string @6.40-6.47
						(e-string-part @6.41-6.46 (raw "small"))))))
		(s-decl @8.1-8.25
			(p-ident @8.1-8.6 (raw "main!"))
			(e-lambda @8.9-8.25
				(args
					(p-underscore))
				(e-apply @8.13-8.25
					(e-ident @8.13-8.20 (raw "getUser"))
					(e-int @8.21-8.24 (raw "100")))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @6.1-6.8 (ident "getUser"))
		(e-lambda @6.11-6.47
			(args
				(p-assign @6.12-6.14 (ident "id")))
			(e-if @6.16-6.47
				(if-branches
					(if-branch
						(e-binop @6.20-6.27 (op "gt")
							(e-lookup-local @6.20-6.22
								(p-assign @6.12-6.14 (ident "id")))
							(e-int @6.25-6.27 (value "10")))
						(e-string @6.29-6.34
							(e-literal @6.30-6.33 (string "big")))))
				(if-else
					(e-string @6.40-6.47
						(e-literal @6.41-6.46 (string "small"))))))
		(annotation @6.1-6.8
			(declared-type
				(ty-fn @5.11-5.24 (effectful false)
					(ty @5.11-5.17 (name "UserId"))
					(ty @5.21-5.24 (name "Str"))))))
	(d-let
		(p-assign @8.1-8.6 (ident "main!"))
		(e-closure @8.9-8.25
			(captures
				(capture @6.1-6.8 (ident "getUser")))
			(e-lambda @8.9-8.25
				(args
					(p-underscore @8.10-8.11))
				(e-call @8.13-8.25
					(e-lookup-local @8.13-8.20
						(p-assign @6.1-6.8 (ident "getUser")))
					(e-int @8.21-8.24 (value "100"))))))
	(s-alias-decl @3.1-3.13
		(ty-header @3.1-3.7 (name "UserId"))
		(ty @3.10-3.13 (name "U64"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @6.1-6.8 (type "UserId -> Str"))
		(patt @8.1-8.6 (type "_arg -> Str")))
	(type_decls
		(alias @3.1-3.13 (type "UserId")
			(ty-header @3.1-3.7 (name "UserId"))))
	(expressions
		(expr @6.11-6.47 (type "UserId -> Str"))
		(expr @8.9-8.25 (type "_arg -> Str"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Implement type unification for equality/comparison in binary operations

test/snapshots/type_alias_simple.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Simple type alias usage in function annotation
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }

UserId : U64

getUser : UserId -> Str
getUser = |id| if (id > 10) "big" else "small"

main! = |_| getUser(100)
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**TYPE MISMATCH**
This expression is used in an unexpected way:
**type_alias_simple.md:6:25:6:27:**
```roc
getUser = |id| if (id > 10) "big" else "small"
```
                        ^^

It has the type:
    _Num(_size)_

But here it's being used as:
    _UserId_

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwApp(1:1-1:4),OpenSquare(1:5-1:6),LowerIdent(1:6-1:11),CloseSquare(1:11-1:12),OpenCurly(1:13-1:14),LowerIdent(1:15-1:17),OpColon(1:17-1:18),KwPlatform(1:19-1:27),StringStart(1:28-1:29),StringPart(1:29-1:50),StringEnd(1:50-1:51),CloseCurly(1:52-1:53),
UpperIdent(3:1-3:7),OpColon(3:8-3:9),UpperIdent(3:10-3:13),
LowerIdent(5:1-5:8),OpColon(5:9-5:10),UpperIdent(5:11-5:17),OpArrow(5:18-5:20),UpperIdent(5:21-5:24),
LowerIdent(6:1-6:8),OpAssign(6:9-6:10),OpBar(6:11-6:12),LowerIdent(6:12-6:14),OpBar(6:14-6:15),KwIf(6:16-6:18),OpenRound(6:19-6:20),LowerIdent(6:20-6:22),OpGreaterThan(6:23-6:24),Int(6:25-6:27),CloseRound(6:27-6:28),StringStart(6:29-6:30),StringPart(6:30-6:33),StringEnd(6:33-6:34),KwElse(6:35-6:39),StringStart(6:40-6:41),StringPart(6:41-6:46),StringEnd(6:46-6:47),
LowerIdent(8:1-8:6),OpAssign(8:7-8:8),OpBar(8:9-8:10),Underscore(8:10-8:11),OpBar(8:11-8:12),LowerIdent(8:13-8:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(8:20-8:21),Int(8:21-8:24),CloseRound(8:24-8:25),
EndOfFile(9:1-9:1),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-8.25
	(app @1.1-1.53
		(provides @1.5-1.12
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.6-1.11
				(text "main!")))
		(record-field @1.15-1.51 (name "pf")
			(e-string @1.28-1.51
				(e-string-part @1.29-1.50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))
		(packages @1.13-1.53
			(record-field @1.15-1.51 (name "pf")
				(e-string @1.28-1.51
					(e-string-part @1.29-1.50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))))
	(statements
		(s-type-decl @3.1-3.13
			(header @3.1-3.7 (name "UserId")
				(args))
			(ty @3.10-3.13 (name "U64")))
		(s-type-anno @5.1-5.24 (name "getUser")
			(ty-fn @5.11-5.24
				(ty @5.11-5.17 (name "UserId"))
				(ty @5.21-5.24 (name "Str"))))
		(s-decl @6.1-6.47
			(p-ident @6.1-6.8 (raw "getUser"))
			(e-lambda @6.11-6.47
				(args
					(p-ident @6.12-6.14 (raw "id")))
				(e-if-then-else @6.16-6.47
					(e-tuple @6.19-6.28
						(e-binop @6.20-6.27 (op ">")
							(e-ident @6.20-6.22 (raw "id"))
							(e-int @6.25-6.27 (raw "10"))))
					(e-string @6.29-6.34
						(e-string-part @6.30-6.33 (raw "big")))
					(e-string @6.40-6.47
						(e-string-part @6.41-6.46 (raw "small"))))))
		(s-decl @8.1-8.25
			(p-ident @8.1-8.6 (raw "main!"))
			(e-lambda @8.9-8.25
				(args
					(p-underscore))
				(e-apply @8.13-8.25
					(e-ident @8.13-8.20 (raw "getUser"))
					(e-int @8.21-8.24 (raw "100")))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @6.1-6.8 (ident "getUser"))
		(e-lambda @6.11-6.47
			(args
				(p-assign @6.12-6.14 (ident "id")))
			(e-if @6.16-6.47
				(if-branches
					(if-branch
						(e-binop @6.20-6.27 (op "gt")
							(e-lookup-local @6.20-6.22
								(p-assign @6.12-6.14 (ident "id")))
							(e-int @6.25-6.27 (value "10")))
						(e-string @6.29-6.34
							(e-literal @6.30-6.33 (string "big")))))
				(if-else
					(e-string @6.40-6.47
						(e-literal @6.41-6.46 (string "small"))))))
		(annotation @6.1-6.8
			(declared-type
				(ty-fn @5.11-5.24 (effectful false)
					(ty @5.11-5.17 (name "UserId"))
					(ty @5.21-5.24 (name "Str"))))))
	(d-let
		(p-assign @8.1-8.6 (ident "main!"))
		(e-closure @8.9-8.25
			(captures
				(capture @6.1-6.8 (ident "getUser")))
			(e-lambda @8.9-8.25
				(args
					(p-underscore @8.10-8.11))
				(e-call @8.13-8.25
					(e-lookup-local @8.13-8.20
						(p-assign @6.1-6.8 (ident "getUser")))
					(e-int @8.21-8.24 (value "100"))))))
	(s-alias-decl @3.1-3.13
		(ty-header @3.1-3.7 (name "UserId"))
		(ty @3.10-3.13 (name "U64"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @6.1-6.8 (type "UserId -> Str"))
		(patt @8.1-8.6 (type "_arg -> Str")))
	(type_decls
		(alias @3.1-3.13 (type "UserId")
			(ty-header @3.1-3.7 (name "UserId"))))
	(expressions
		(expr @6.11-6.47 (type "UserId -> Str"))
		(expr @8.9-8.25 (type "_arg -> Str"))))
~~~
