src/snapshots/nominal/nominal_import_type.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Example of importing a nominal tag union from another module
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [red]

import Color

red : Color.RGB
red = Color.RGB.Red
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNDEFINED VARIABLE - nominal_import_type.md:6:12:6:16
# PROBLEMS
**UNDEFINED VARIABLE**

**Undefined Variable**
The variable 'RGB' is not defined:
**nominal_import_type.md:6:12:6:16:**
```roc
red = Color.RGB.Red
```
           ^^^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:12),CloseSquare(1:12-1:13),
KwImport(3:1-3:7),UpperIdent(3:8-3:13),
LowerIdent(5:1-5:4),OpColon(5:5-5:6),UpperIdent(5:7-5:12),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(5:12-5:16),
LowerIdent(6:1-6:4),OpAssign(6:5-6:6),UpperIdent(6:7-6:12),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(6:12-6:16),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(6:16-6:20),EndOfFile(6:20-6:20),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-6.20
	(module @1.1-1.13
		(exposes @1.8-1.13
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.12
				(text "red"))))
	(statements
		(s-import @3.1-3.13 (raw "Color"))
		(s-type-anno @5.1-5.16 (name "red")
			(ty @5.7-5.16 (name "Color.RGB")))
		(s-decl @6.1-6.20
			(p-ident @6.1-6.4 (raw "red"))
			(e-tag @6.7-6.20 (raw "Color.RGB.Red")))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(def
		(pattern
			(p-assign @6.1-6.4 (ident "red")))
		(expr
			(e-runtime-error (tag "ident_not_in_scope")))
		(annotation
			(annotation
				(type-anno
					(ty-lookup-external @5.7-5.16
						(external-decl @5.7-5.16 (qualified-name "Color.RGB") (module-name "Color") (local-name "RGB") (kind "type")))))))
	(s-import @3.1-3.13 (module "Color")
		(exposes))
	(external-decl (qualified-name "Color.RGB") (module-name "Color") (local-name "RGB") (kind "type")))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @6.1-6.4 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @1.1-1.1 (type "Error"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix def output structure in canonicalized IR
Remove wrapper nodes (pattern) and (expr) from d-let output to match
origin/main structure. Also sync Kind enum between canonicalize/CIR.zig
and compile/CIR.zig to include stmt and ignored variants.

src/snapshots/nominal/nominal_import_type.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Example of importing a nominal tag union from another module
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [red]

import Color

red : Color.RGB
red = Color.RGB.Red
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNDEFINED VARIABLE - nominal_import_type.md:6:12:6:16
# PROBLEMS
**UNDEFINED VARIABLE**
Nothing is named `RGB` in this scope.
Is there an `import` or `exposing` missing up-top?

**nominal_import_type.md:6:12:6:16:**
```roc
red = Color.RGB.Red
```
           ^^^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:12),CloseSquare(1:12-1:13),
KwImport(3:1-3:7),UpperIdent(3:8-3:13),
LowerIdent(5:1-5:4),OpColon(5:5-5:6),UpperIdent(5:7-5:12),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(5:12-5:16),
LowerIdent(6:1-6:4),OpAssign(6:5-6:6),UpperIdent(6:7-6:12),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(6:12-6:16),NoSpaceDotUpperIdent(6:16-6:20),EndOfFile(6:20-6:20),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-6.20
	(module @1.1-1.13
		(exposes @1.8-1.13
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.12
				(text "red"))))
	(statements
		(s-import @3.1-3.13 (raw "Color"))
		(s-type-anno @5.1-5.16 (name "red")
			(ty @5.7-5.16 (name "Color.RGB")))
		(s-decl @6.1-6.20
			(p-ident @6.1-6.4 (raw "red"))
			(e-tag @6.7-6.20 (raw "Color.RGB.Red")))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @6.1-6.4 (ident "red"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "ident_not_in_scope"))
		(annotation @6.1-6.4
			(declared-type
				(ty-lookup-external @5.7-5.16
					(ext-decl @5.7-5.16 (ident "Color.RGB") (kind "type"))))))
	(s-import @3.1-3.13 (module "Color")
		(exposes))
	(ext-decl @5.7-5.16 (ident "Color.RGB") (kind "type")))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @6.1-6.4 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @6.12-6.16 (type "Error"))))
~~~
