test/snapshots/nominal/nominal_nested_types.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Nested types in associated blocks
type=file:Foo.roc
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
Foo := [Whatever].{
    Bar := [Something].{
        y = 6
    }
    x = 5
}
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
NIL
# TOKENS
~~~zig
UpperIdent(1:1-1:4),OpColonEqual(1:5-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),UpperIdent(1:9-1:17),CloseSquare(1:17-1:18),Dot(1:18-1:19),OpenCurly(1:19-1:20),
UpperIdent(2:5-2:8),OpColonEqual(2:9-2:11),OpenSquare(2:12-2:13),UpperIdent(2:13-2:22),CloseSquare(2:22-2:23),Dot(2:23-2:24),OpenCurly(2:24-2:25),
LowerIdent(3:9-3:10),OpAssign(3:11-3:12),Int(3:13-3:14),
CloseCurly(4:5-4:6),
LowerIdent(5:5-5:6),OpAssign(5:7-5:8),Int(5:9-5:10),
CloseCurly(6:1-6:2),
EndOfFile(7:1-7:1),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-6.2
	(type-module @1.1-1.4)
	(statements
		(s-type-decl @1.1-6.2
			(header @1.1-1.4 (name "Foo")
				(args))
			(ty-tag-union @1.8-1.18
				(tags
					(ty @1.9-1.17 (name "Whatever"))))
			(associated @1.19-6.2
				(s-type-decl @2.5-4.6
					(header @2.5-2.8 (name "Bar")
						(args))
					(ty-tag-union @2.12-2.23
						(tags
							(ty @2.13-2.22 (name "Something"))))
					(associated @2.24-4.6
						(s-decl @3.9-3.14
							(p-ident @3.9-3.10 (raw "y"))
							(e-int @3.13-3.14 (raw "6")))))
				(s-decl @5.5-5.10
					(p-ident @5.5-5.6 (raw "x"))
					(e-int @5.9-5.10 (raw "5")))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
Foo := [Whatever].{
	Bar := [Something].{
		y = 6
	}
	x = 5
}
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @3.9-3.14 (ident "Foo.Bar.y"))
		(e-num @3.13-3.14 (value "6")))
	(d-let
		(p-assign @5.5-5.10 (ident "Foo.x"))
		(e-num @5.9-5.10 (value "5")))
	(s-nominal-decl @1.1-6.2
		(ty-header @1.1-1.4 (name "Foo"))
		(ty-tag-union @1.8-1.18
			(ty-tag-name @1.9-1.17 (name "Whatever"))))
	(s-nominal-decl @2.5-4.6
		(ty-header @2.5-4.6 (name "Foo.Bar"))
		(ty-tag-union @2.12-2.23
			(ty-tag-name @2.13-2.22 (name "Something")))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.9-3.14 (type "Num(_size)"))
		(patt @5.5-5.10 (type "Num(_size)")))
	(type_decls
		(nominal @1.1-6.2 (type "Foo")
			(ty-header @1.1-1.4 (name "Foo")))
		(nominal @2.5-4.6 (type "Foo.Bar")
			(ty-header @2.5-4.6 (name "Foo.Bar"))))
	(expressions
		(expr @3.13-3.14 (type "Num(_size)"))
		(expr @5.9-5.10 (type "Num(_size)"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Make nested types be in scope in their blocks

test/snapshots/nominal/nominal_nested_types.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Nested types in associated blocks
type=file:Foo.roc
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
Foo := [Whatever].{
    Bar := [Something].{
        y = 6
    }
    x = 5
}
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNUSED VARIABLE - nominal_nested_types.md:5:5:5:10
# PROBLEMS
**UNUSED VARIABLE**
Variable `x` is not used anywhere in your code.

If you don't need this variable, prefix it with an underscore like `_x` to suppress this warning.
The unused variable is declared here:
**nominal_nested_types.md:5:5:5:10:**
```roc
    x = 5
```
    ^^^^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
UpperIdent(1:1-1:4),OpColonEqual(1:5-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),UpperIdent(1:9-1:17),CloseSquare(1:17-1:18),Dot(1:18-1:19),OpenCurly(1:19-1:20),
UpperIdent(2:5-2:8),OpColonEqual(2:9-2:11),OpenSquare(2:12-2:13),UpperIdent(2:13-2:22),CloseSquare(2:22-2:23),Dot(2:23-2:24),OpenCurly(2:24-2:25),
LowerIdent(3:9-3:10),OpAssign(3:11-3:12),Int(3:13-3:14),
CloseCurly(4:5-4:6),
LowerIdent(5:5-5:6),OpAssign(5:7-5:8),Int(5:9-5:10),
CloseCurly(6:1-6:2),
EndOfFile(7:1-7:1),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-6.2
	(type-module @1.1-1.4)
	(statements
		(s-type-decl @1.1-6.2
			(header @1.1-1.4 (name "Foo")
				(args))
			(ty-tag-union @1.8-1.18
				(tags
					(ty @1.9-1.17 (name "Whatever"))))
			(associated @1.19-6.2
				(s-type-decl @2.5-4.6
					(header @2.5-2.8 (name "Bar")
						(args))
					(ty-tag-union @2.12-2.23
						(tags
							(ty @2.13-2.22 (name "Something"))))
					(associated @2.24-4.6
						(s-decl @3.9-3.14
							(p-ident @3.9-3.10 (raw "y"))
							(e-int @3.13-3.14 (raw "6")))))
				(s-decl @5.5-5.10
					(p-ident @5.5-5.6 (raw "x"))
					(e-int @5.9-5.10 (raw "5")))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
Foo := [Whatever].{
	Bar := [Something].{
		y = 6
	}
	x = 5
}
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @3.9-3.14 (ident "Foo.Bar.y"))
		(e-num @3.13-3.14 (value "6")))
	(d-let
		(p-assign @5.5-5.10 (ident "Foo.x"))
		(e-num @5.9-5.10 (value "5")))
	(s-nominal-decl @1.1-6.2
		(ty-header @1.1-1.4 (name "Foo"))
		(ty-tag-union @1.8-1.18
			(ty-tag-name @1.9-1.17 (name "Whatever"))))
	(s-nominal-decl @2.5-4.6
		(ty-header @2.5-4.6 (name "Foo.Bar"))
		(ty-tag-union @2.12-2.23
			(ty-tag-name @2.13-2.22 (name "Something")))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.9-3.14 (type "Num(_size)"))
		(patt @5.5-5.10 (type "Num(_size)")))
	(type_decls
		(nominal @1.1-6.2 (type "Foo")
			(ty-header @1.1-1.4 (name "Foo")))
		(nominal @2.5-4.6 (type "Foo.Bar")
			(ty-header @2.5-4.6 (name "Foo.Bar"))))
	(expressions
		(expr @3.13-3.14 (type "Num(_size)"))
		(expr @5.9-5.10 (type "Num(_size)"))))
~~~
