src/snapshots/add_var_with_spaces.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Add a variable with spaces
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [add2]

add2 = x +      2
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNDEFINED VARIABLE - add_var_with_spaces.md:3:8:3:9
# PROBLEMS
**UNDEFINED VARIABLE**

**Undefined Variable**
The variable 'x' is not defined:
**add_var_with_spaces.md:3:8:3:9:**
```roc
add2 = x +      2
```
       ^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:13),CloseSquare(1:13-1:14),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:5),OpAssign(3:6-3:7),LowerIdent(3:8-3:9),OpPlus(3:10-3:11),Int(3:17-3:18),EndOfFile(3:18-3:18),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-3.18
	(module @1.1-1.14
		(exposes @1.8-1.14
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.13
				(text "add2"))))
	(statements
		(s-decl @3.1-3.18
			(p-ident @3.1-3.5 (raw "add2"))
			(e-binop @3.8-3.18 (op "+")
				(e-ident @3.8-3.9 (raw "x"))
				(e-int @3.17-3.18 (raw "2"))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [add2]

add2 = x + 2
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(def
		(pattern
			(p-assign @3.1-3.5 (ident "add2")))
		(expr
			(e-binop @3.8-3.18 (op "add")
				(e-runtime-error (tag "ident_not_in_scope"))
				(e-int @3.17-3.18 (value "2"))))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.1-3.5 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @3.8-3.18 (type "Error"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix def output structure in canonicalized IR
Remove wrapper nodes (pattern) and (expr) from d-let output to match
origin/main structure. Also sync Kind enum between canonicalize/CIR.zig
and compile/CIR.zig to include stmt and ignored variants.

src/snapshots/add_var_with_spaces.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Add a variable with spaces
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [add2]

add2 = x +      2
~~~
# EXPECTED
UNDEFINED VARIABLE - add_var_with_spaces.md:3:8:3:9
# PROBLEMS
**UNDEFINED VARIABLE**
Nothing is named `x` in this scope.
Is there an `import` or `exposing` missing up-top?

**add_var_with_spaces.md:3:8:3:9:**
```roc
add2 = x +      2
```
       ^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:13),CloseSquare(1:13-1:14),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:5),OpAssign(3:6-3:7),LowerIdent(3:8-3:9),OpPlus(3:10-3:11),Int(3:17-3:18),EndOfFile(3:18-3:18),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-3.18
	(module @1.1-1.14
		(exposes @1.8-1.14
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.13
				(text "add2"))))
	(statements
		(s-decl @3.1-3.18
			(p-ident @3.1-3.5 (raw "add2"))
			(e-binop @3.8-3.18 (op "+")
				(e-ident @3.8-3.9 (raw "x"))
				(e-int @3.17-3.18 (raw "2"))))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [add2]

add2 = x + 2
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let
		(p-assign @3.1-3.5 (ident "add2"))
		(e-binop @3.8-3.18 (op "add")
			(e-runtime-error (tag "ident_not_in_scope"))
			(e-int @3.17-3.18 (value "2")))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(patt @3.1-3.5 (type "Error")))
	(expressions
		(expr @3.8-3.18 (type "Error"))))
~~~
