src/snapshots/can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=List with number literal that doesn't fit in inferred type
type=expr
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
~~~
# PROBLEMS
**INVALID NUMBER**
This number literal is not valid: 1u8

**INVALID NUMBER**
This number literal is not valid: 2u8

**INCOMPATIBLE LIST ELEMENTS**
The first two elements in this list have incompatible types:
**can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:2:**
```roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
```
 ^^^  ^^^

The first element has this type:
    _Error_

However, the second element has this type:
    _Error_

All elements in a list must have compatible types.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
OpenSquare(1:1-1:2),Int(1:2-1:5),Comma(1:5-1:6),Int(1:7-1:10),Comma(1:10-1:11),Int(1:12-1:15),CloseSquare(1:15-1:16),EndOfFile(1:16-1:16),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1-1-1-16
	(e-int @1-2-1-5 (raw "1u8"))
	(e-int @1-7-1-10 (raw "2u8"))
	(e-int @1-12-1-15 (raw "300")))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1-1-1-16 (elem-var 73) (id 77)
	(elems
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-int @1-12-1-15 (value "300"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(expr (id 77) (type "List(Error)"))
~~~

Commit message:

Add a link at the end of the "All elements must have compatible types" error.

src/snapshots/can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=List with number literal that doesn't fit in inferred type
type=expr
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
~~~
# PROBLEMS
**INVALID NUMBER**
This number literal is not valid: 1u8

**INVALID NUMBER**
This number literal is not valid: 2u8

**INCOMPATIBLE LIST ELEMENTS**
The first two elements in this list have incompatible types:
**can_list_number_doesnt_fit.md:1:2:**
```roc
[1u8, 2u8, 300]
```
 ^^^  ^^^

The first element has this type:
    _Error_

However, the second element has this type:
    _Error_

All elements in a list must have compatible types.

Note: You can wrap each element in a tag to make them compatible.
To learn about tags, see <https://www.roc-lang.org/tutorial#tags>

# TOKENS
~~~zig
OpenSquare(1:1-1:2),Int(1:2-1:5),Comma(1:5-1:6),Int(1:7-1:10),Comma(1:10-1:11),Int(1:12-1:15),CloseSquare(1:15-1:16),EndOfFile(1:16-1:16),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1-1-1-16
	(e-int @1-2-1-5 (raw "1u8"))
	(e-int @1-7-1-10 (raw "2u8"))
	(e-int @1-12-1-15 (raw "300")))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(e-list @1-1-1-16 (elem-var 73) (id 77)
	(elems
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "invalid_num_literal"))
		(e-int @1-12-1-15 (value "300"))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(expr (id 77) (type "List(Error)"))
~~~
