src/snapshots/type_annotation_missing_parens.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type annotation missing parentheses for type application
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [nums]

nums : List U8
~~~
# EXPECTED
PARSE ERROR - type_annotation_missing_parens.md:3:15:3:15
EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED - type_annotation_missing_parens.md:1:9:1:13
# PROBLEMS
**PARSE ERROR**
Type applications require parentheses around their type arguments.

I found a type followed by what looks like a type argument, but they need to be connected with parentheses.

Instead of:
    **List U8**

Use:
    **List(U8)**

Other valid examples:
    `Dict(Str, Num)`
    `Result(a, Str)`
    `Maybe(List(U64))`

Here is the problematic code:
**type_annotation_missing_parens.md:3:15:3:15:**
```roc
nums : List U8
```
              


**EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED**

**Exposed but Not Defined**
'nums' is exposed in the module header but is not defined:
**type_annotation_missing_parens.md:1:9:1:13:**
```roc
module [nums]
```
        ^^^^


# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:13),CloseSquare(1:13-1:14),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:5),OpColon(3:6-3:7),UpperIdent(3:8-3:12),UpperIdent(3:13-3:15),EndOfFile(3:15-3:15),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-3.15
	(module @1.1-1.14
		(exposes @1.8-1.14
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.13
				(text "nums"))))
	(statements
		(s-type-anno @3.1-3.12 (name "nums")
			(ty @3.8-3.12 (name "List")))
		(s-malformed @3.13-3.15 (tag "expected_colon_after_type_annotation"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [nums]

nums : List

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~

Commit message:

Fix def output structure in canonicalized IR
Remove wrapper nodes (pattern) and (expr) from d-let output to match
origin/main structure. Also sync Kind enum between canonicalize/CIR.zig
and compile/CIR.zig to include stmt and ignored variants.

src/snapshots/type_annotation_missing_parens.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type annotation missing parentheses for type application
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [nums]

nums : List U8
~~~
# EXPECTED
PARSE ERROR - type_annotation_missing_parens.md:3:15:3:15
EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED - type_annotation_missing_parens.md:1:9:1:13
# PROBLEMS
**PARSE ERROR**
Type applications require parentheses around their type arguments.

I found a type followed by what looks like a type argument, but they need to be connected with parentheses.

Instead of:
    **List U8**

Use:
    **List(U8)**

Other valid examples:
    `Dict(Str, Num)`
    `Result(a, Str)`
    `Maybe(List(U64))`

Here is the problematic code:
**type_annotation_missing_parens.md:3:15:3:15:**
```roc
nums : List U8
```
              


**EXPOSED BUT NOT DEFINED**
The module header says that `nums` is exposed, but it is not defined anywhere in this module.

**type_annotation_missing_parens.md:1:9:1:13:**
```roc
module [nums]
```
        ^^^^
You can fix this by either defining `nums` in this module, or by removing it from the list of exposed values.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwModule(1:1-1:7),OpenSquare(1:8-1:9),LowerIdent(1:9-1:13),CloseSquare(1:13-1:14),
LowerIdent(3:1-3:5),OpColon(3:6-3:7),UpperIdent(3:8-3:12),UpperIdent(3:13-3:15),EndOfFile(3:15-3:15),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1.1-3.15
	(module @1.1-1.14
		(exposes @1.8-1.14
			(exposed-lower-ident @1.9-1.13
				(text "nums"))))
	(statements
		(s-type-anno @3.1-3.12 (name "nums")
			(ty @3.8-3.12 (name "List")))
		(s-malformed @3.13-3.15 (tag "expected_colon_after_type_annotation"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [nums]

nums : List

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir (empty true))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs)
	(expressions))
~~~
