src/snapshots/type_alias_decl.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type aliases and declarations with various forms
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }

# Simple type alias
UserId : U64

# Generic type alias
Result(ok, err) : [Ok(ok), Err(err)]

# Record type alias
Person : { name : Str, age : U64 }

# Function type alias
MapFn(a, b) : a -> b

# Complex nested type alias
ApiResponse(data) : Result(data, Str)

# Type declaration with tag union
Color : [Red, Green, Blue, Custom(U8, U8, U8)]

# Type declaration with records and generics
Container(item) : {
    contents : List(item),
    metadata : { size : U64, created : Str }
}

main! = |_| {
    # Use the types to validate they work
    userId : UserId
    userId = 123

    person : Person
    person = { name: "Alice", age: 30 }

    color : Color
    color = Red

    userId
}
~~~
# PROBLEMS
**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_close_curly_or_comma`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

Here is the problematic code:
**type_alias_decl.md:30:5:30:13:**
```roc
    userId = 123
```


**UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION**
The token **= 123** is not expected in an expression.
Expressions can be identifiers, literals, function calls, or operators.

Here is the problematic code:
**type_alias_decl.md:30:12:30:17:**
```roc
    userId = 123
```


**UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION**
The token **}** is not expected in an expression.
Expressions can be identifiers, literals, function calls, or operators.

Here is the problematic code:
**type_alias_decl.md:39:1:39:2:**
```roc
}
```


**TYPE REDECLARED**
The type ``Result`` is being redeclared.

The redeclaration is here:
**type_alias_decl.md:7:1:10:7:**
```roc
Result(ok, err) : [Ok(ok), Err(err)]

# Record type alias
Person : { name : Str, age : U64 }
```

But ``Result`` was already declared here:
**type_alias_decl.md:1:1:1:1:**
```roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }
```


**INVALID LAMBDA**
The body of this lambda expression is not valid.

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**NOT IMPLEMENTED**
This feature is not yet implemented: canonicalize record expression

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwApp(1:1-1:4),OpenSquare(1:5-1:6),LowerIdent(1:6-1:11),CloseSquare(1:11-1:12),OpenCurly(1:13-1:14),LowerIdent(1:15-1:17),OpColon(1:17-1:18),KwPlatform(1:19-1:27),StringStart(1:28-1:29),StringPart(1:29-1:50),StringEnd(1:50-1:51),CloseCurly(1:52-1:53),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(3:2-3:20),
UpperIdent(4:1-4:7),OpColon(4:8-4:9),UpperIdent(4:10-4:13),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(6:2-6:21),
UpperIdent(7:1-7:7),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:7-7:8),LowerIdent(7:8-7:10),Comma(7:10-7:11),LowerIdent(7:12-7:15),CloseRound(7:15-7:16),OpColon(7:17-7:18),OpenSquare(7:19-7:20),UpperIdent(7:20-7:22),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:22-7:23),LowerIdent(7:23-7:25),CloseRound(7:25-7:26),Comma(7:26-7:27),UpperIdent(7:28-7:31),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:31-7:32),LowerIdent(7:32-7:35),CloseRound(7:35-7:36),CloseSquare(7:36-7:37),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(9:2-9:20),
UpperIdent(10:1-10:7),OpColon(10:8-10:9),OpenCurly(10:10-10:11),LowerIdent(10:12-10:16),OpColon(10:17-10:18),UpperIdent(10:19-10:22),Comma(10:22-10:23),LowerIdent(10:24-10:27),OpColon(10:28-10:29),UpperIdent(10:30-10:33),CloseCurly(10:34-10:35),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(12:2-12:22),
UpperIdent(13:1-13:6),NoSpaceOpenRound(13:6-13:7),LowerIdent(13:7-13:8),Comma(13:8-13:9),LowerIdent(13:10-13:11),CloseRound(13:11-13:12),OpColon(13:13-13:14),LowerIdent(13:15-13:16),OpArrow(13:17-13:19),LowerIdent(13:20-13:21),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(15:2-15:28),
UpperIdent(16:1-16:12),NoSpaceOpenRound(16:12-16:13),LowerIdent(16:13-16:17),CloseRound(16:17-16:18),OpColon(16:19-16:20),UpperIdent(16:21-16:27),NoSpaceOpenRound(16:27-16:28),LowerIdent(16:28-16:32),Comma(16:32-16:33),UpperIdent(16:34-16:37),CloseRound(16:37-16:38),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(18:2-18:34),
UpperIdent(19:1-19:6),OpColon(19:7-19:8),OpenSquare(19:9-19:10),UpperIdent(19:10-19:13),Comma(19:13-19:14),UpperIdent(19:15-19:20),Comma(19:20-19:21),UpperIdent(19:22-19:26),Comma(19:26-19:27),UpperIdent(19:28-19:34),NoSpaceOpenRound(19:34-19:35),UpperIdent(19:35-19:37),Comma(19:37-19:38),UpperIdent(19:39-19:41),Comma(19:41-19:42),UpperIdent(19:43-19:45),CloseRound(19:45-19:46),CloseSquare(19:46-19:47),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(21:2-21:45),
UpperIdent(22:1-22:10),NoSpaceOpenRound(22:10-22:11),LowerIdent(22:11-22:15),CloseRound(22:15-22:16),OpColon(22:17-22:18),OpenCurly(22:19-22:20),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(23:5-23:13),OpColon(23:14-23:15),UpperIdent(23:16-23:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(23:20-23:21),LowerIdent(23:21-23:25),CloseRound(23:25-23:26),Comma(23:26-23:27),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(24:5-24:13),OpColon(24:14-24:15),OpenCurly(24:16-24:17),LowerIdent(24:18-24:22),OpColon(24:23-24:24),UpperIdent(24:25-24:28),Comma(24:28-24:29),LowerIdent(24:30-24:37),OpColon(24:38-24:39),UpperIdent(24:40-24:43),CloseCurly(24:44-24:45),Newline(1:1-1:1),
CloseCurly(25:1-25:2),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(27:1-27:6),OpAssign(27:7-27:8),OpBar(27:9-27:10),Underscore(27:10-27:11),OpBar(27:11-27:12),OpenCurly(27:13-27:14),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(28:6-28:42),
LowerIdent(29:5-29:11),OpColon(29:12-29:13),UpperIdent(29:14-29:20),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(30:5-30:11),OpAssign(30:12-30:13),Int(30:14-30:17),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(32:5-32:11),OpColon(32:12-32:13),UpperIdent(32:14-32:20),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(33:5-33:11),OpAssign(33:12-33:13),OpenCurly(33:14-33:15),LowerIdent(33:16-33:20),OpColon(33:20-33:21),StringStart(33:22-33:23),StringPart(33:23-33:28),StringEnd(33:28-33:29),Comma(33:29-33:30),LowerIdent(33:31-33:34),OpColon(33:34-33:35),Int(33:36-33:38),CloseCurly(33:39-33:40),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(35:5-35:10),OpColon(35:11-35:12),UpperIdent(35:13-35:18),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(36:5-36:10),OpAssign(36:11-36:12),UpperIdent(36:13-36:16),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(38:5-38:11),Newline(1:1-1:1),
CloseCurly(39:1-39:2),EndOfFile(39:2-39:2),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1-1-39-2
	(app @1-1-1-53
		(provides @1-6-1-12
			(exposed-lower-ident (text "main!")))
		(record-field @1-15-1-53 (name "pf")
			(e-string @1-28-1-51
				(e-string-part @1-29-1-50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))
		(packages @1-13-1-53
			(record-field @1-15-1-53 (name "pf")
				(e-string @1-28-1-51
					(e-string-part @1-29-1-50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))))
	(statements
		(s-type-decl @4-1-7-7
			(header @4-1-4-7 (name "UserId")
				(args))
			(ty (name "U64")))
		(s-type-decl @7-1-10-7
			(header @7-1-7-16 (name "Result")
				(args
					(ty-var @7-8-7-10 (raw "ok"))
					(ty-var @7-12-7-15 (raw "err"))))
			(ty-tag-union @7-19-7-37
				(tags
					(ty-apply @7-20-7-26
						(ty (name "Ok"))
						(ty-var @7-23-7-25 (raw "ok")))
					(ty-apply @7-28-7-36
						(ty (name "Err"))
						(ty-var @7-32-7-35 (raw "err"))))))
		(s-type-decl @10-1-13-6
			(header @10-1-10-7 (name "Person")
				(args))
			(ty-record @10-10-10-35
				(anno-record-field @10-12-10-23 (name "name")
					(ty (name "Str")))
				(anno-record-field @10-24-10-35 (name "age")
					(ty (name "U64")))))
		(s-type-decl @13-1-16-12
			(header @13-1-13-12 (name "MapFn")
				(args
					(ty-var @13-7-13-8 (raw "a"))
					(ty-var @13-10-13-11 (raw "b"))))
			(ty-fn @13-15-13-21
				(ty-var @13-15-13-16 (raw "a"))
				(ty-var @13-20-13-21 (raw "b"))))
		(s-type-decl @16-1-19-6
			(header @16-1-16-18 (name "ApiResponse")
				(args
					(ty-var @16-13-16-17 (raw "data"))))
			(ty-apply @16-21-16-38
				(ty (name "Result"))
				(ty-var @16-28-16-32 (raw "data"))
				(ty (name "Str"))))
		(s-type-decl @19-1-22-10
			(header @19-1-19-6 (name "Color")
				(args))
			(ty-tag-union @19-9-19-47
				(tags
					(ty (name "Red"))
					(ty (name "Green"))
					(ty (name "Blue"))
					(ty-apply @19-28-19-46
						(ty (name "Custom"))
						(ty (name "U8"))
						(ty (name "U8"))
						(ty (name "U8"))))))
		(s-type-decl @22-1-27-6
			(header @22-1-22-16 (name "Container")
				(args
					(ty-var @22-11-22-15 (raw "item"))))
			(ty-record @22-19-25-2
				(anno-record-field @23-5-23-27 (name "contents")
					(ty-apply @23-16-23-26
						(ty (name "List"))
						(ty-var @23-21-23-25 (raw "item"))))
				(anno-record-field @24-5-25-2 (name "metadata")
					(ty-record @24-16-24-45
						(anno-record-field @24-18-24-29 (name "size")
							(ty (name "U64")))
						(anno-record-field @24-30-24-45 (name "created")
							(ty (name "Str")))))))
		(s-decl @27-1-30-13
			(p-ident @27-1-27-6 (raw "main!"))
			(e-lambda @27-9-30-13
				(args
					(p-underscore))
				(e-malformed @30-5-30-13 (reason "expected_expr_close_curly_or_comma"))))
		(e-malformed @30-12-30-17 (reason "expr_unexpected_token"))
		(e-int @30-14-30-17 (raw "123"))
		(s-type-anno @32-5-33-11 (name "person")
			(ty (name "Person")))
		(s-decl @33-5-33-40
			(p-ident @33-5-33-11 (raw "person"))
			(e-record @33-14-33-40
				(field (field "name") (optional false)
					(e-string @33-22-33-29
						(e-string-part @33-23-33-28 (raw "Alice"))))
				(field (field "age") (optional false)
					(e-int @33-36-33-38 (raw "30")))))
		(s-type-anno @35-5-36-10 (name "color")
			(ty (name "Color")))
		(s-decl @36-5-36-16
			(p-ident @36-5-36-10 (raw "color"))
			(e-tag @36-13-36-16 (raw "Red")))
		(e-ident @38-5-38-11 (qaul "") (raw "userId"))
		(e-malformed @39-1-39-2 (reason "expr_unexpected_token"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }

# Simple type alias
UserId : U64

# Generic type alias
Result(ok, err) : [Ok(ok), Err(err)]

# Record type alias
Person : { name : Str, age : U64 }

# Function type alias
MapFn(a, b) : a -> b

# Complex nested type alias
ApiResponse(data) : Result(data, Str)

# Type declaration with tag union
Color : [Red, Green, Blue, Custom(U8, U8, U8)]

# Type declaration with records and generics
Container(item) : {
	contents : List(item),
	metadata : { size : U64, created : Str },
}

main! = |_|
	123

person : Person
person = { name: "Alice", age: 30 }

color : Color
color = Red

userId

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let (id 133)
		(p-assign @27-1-27-6 (ident "main!") (id 128))
		(e-lambda @27-9-30-13 (id 132)
			(args
				(p-underscore @27-10-27-11 (id 129)))
			(e-runtime-error (tag "lambda_body_not_canonicalized"))))
	(d-let (id 143)
		(p-assign @33-5-33-11 (ident "person") (id 137))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "not_implemented") (id 139))
		(annotation @33-5-33-11 (signature 141) (id 142)
			(declared-type
				(ty @32-14-32-20 (name "Person")))))
	(d-let (id 151)
		(p-assign @36-5-36-10 (ident "color") (id 145))
		(e-tag @36-13-36-16 (ext-var 0) (name "Red") (args "TODO") (id 147))
		(annotation @36-5-36-10 (signature 149) (id 150)
			(declared-type
				(ty @35-13-35-18 (name "Color")))))
	(s-type-decl @4-1-7-7 (id 74)
		(ty-header @4-1-4-7 (name "UserId"))
		(ty @4-10-4-13 (name "U64")))
	(s-type-decl @7-1-10-7 (id 83)
		(ty-header @7-1-7-16 (name "Result")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @7-8-7-10 (name "ok"))
				(ty-var @7-12-7-15 (name "err"))))
		(ty-tag-union @7-19-7-37
			(ty-apply @7-20-7-26 (symbol "Ok")
				(ty-var @7-23-7-25 (name "ok")))
			(ty-apply @7-28-7-36 (symbol "Err")
				(ty-var @7-32-7-35 (name "err")))))
	(s-type-decl @10-1-13-6 (id 91)
		(ty-header @10-1-10-7 (name "Person"))
		(ty-record @10-10-10-35
			(field (field "name")
				(ty @10-19-10-22 (name "Str")))
			(field (field "age")
				(ty @10-30-10-33 (name "U64")))))
	(s-type-decl @13-1-16-12 (id 98)
		(ty-header @13-1-13-12 (name "MapFn")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @13-7-13-8 (name "a"))
				(ty-var @13-10-13-11 (name "b"))))
		(ty-fn @13-15-13-21 (effectful false)
			(ty-var @13-15-13-16 (name "a"))
			(ty-var @13-20-13-21 (name "b"))))
	(s-type-decl @16-1-19-6 (id 104)
		(ty-header @16-1-16-18 (name "ApiResponse")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @16-13-16-17 (name "data"))))
		(ty-apply @16-21-16-38 (symbol "Result")
			(ty-var @16-28-16-32 (name "data"))
			(ty @16-34-16-37 (name "Str"))))
	(s-type-decl @19-1-22-10 (id 114)
		(ty-header @19-1-19-6 (name "Color"))
		(ty-tag-union @19-9-19-47
			(ty @19-10-19-13 (name "Red"))
			(ty @19-15-19-20 (name "Green"))
			(ty @19-22-19-26 (name "Blue"))
			(ty-apply @19-28-19-46 (symbol "Custom")
				(ty @19-35-19-37 (name "U8"))
				(ty @19-39-19-41 (name "U8"))
				(ty @19-43-19-45 (name "U8")))))
	(s-type-decl @22-1-27-6 (id 127)
		(ty-header @22-1-22-16 (name "Container")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @22-11-22-15 (name "item"))))
		(ty-record @22-19-25-2
			(field (field "contents")
				(ty-apply @23-16-23-26 (symbol "List")
					(ty-var @23-21-23-25 (name "item"))))
			(field (field "metadata")
				(ty-record @24-16-24-45
					(field (field "size")
						(ty @24-25-24-28 (name "U64")))
					(field (field "created")
						(ty @24-40-24-43 (name "Str"))))))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(def (name "main!") (type "*"))
		(def (name "person") (type "Error"))
		(def (name "color") (type "[Red, * *]")))
	(expressions
		(expr @27-9-30-13 (type "*"))
		(expr @33-14-33-40 (type "Error"))
		(expr @36-13-36-16 (type "[Red, * *]"))))
~~~

Commit message:

Add basic type-checking of type annotations

src/snapshots/type_alias_decl.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Type aliases and declarations with various forms
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }

# Simple type alias
UserId : U64

# Generic type alias
Result(ok, err) : [Ok(ok), Err(err)]

# Record type alias
Person : { name : Str, age : U64 }

# Function type alias
MapFn(a, b) : a -> b

# Complex nested type alias
ApiResponse(data) : Result(data, Str)

# Type declaration with tag union
Color : [Red, Green, Blue, Custom(U8, U8, U8)]

# Type declaration with records and generics
Container(item) : {
    contents : List(item),
    metadata : { size : U64, created : Str }
}

main! = |_| {
    # Use the types to validate they work
    userId : UserId
    userId = 123

    person : Person
    person = { name: "Alice", age: 30 }

    color : Color
    color = Red

    userId
}
~~~
# PROBLEMS
**PARSE ERROR**
A parsing error occurred: `expected_expr_close_curly_or_comma`
This is an unexpected parsing error. Please check your syntax.

Here is the problematic code:
**type_alias_decl.md:30:5:30:13:**
```roc
    userId = 123
```


**UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION**
The token **= 123** is not expected in an expression.
Expressions can be identifiers, literals, function calls, or operators.

Here is the problematic code:
**type_alias_decl.md:30:12:30:17:**
```roc
    userId = 123
```


**UNEXPECTED TOKEN IN EXPRESSION**
The token **}** is not expected in an expression.
Expressions can be identifiers, literals, function calls, or operators.

Here is the problematic code:
**type_alias_decl.md:39:1:39:2:**
```roc
}
```


**TYPE REDECLARED**
The type ``Result`` is being redeclared.

The redeclaration is here:
**type_alias_decl.md:7:1:10:7:**
```roc
Result(ok, err) : [Ok(ok), Err(err)]

# Record type alias
Person : { name : Str, age : U64 }
```

But ``Result`` was already declared here:
**type_alias_decl.md:1:1:1:1:**
```roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }
```


**INVALID LAMBDA**
The body of this lambda expression is not valid.

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**NOT IMPLEMENTED**
This feature is not yet implemented: canonicalize record expression

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**INVALID STATEMENT**
The statement **expr** is not allowed at the top level.
Only definitions, type annotations, and imports are allowed at the top level.

**TYPE MISMATCH**
This expression is used in an unexpected way:
**type_alias_decl.md:33:5:33:11:**
```roc
    person = { name: "Alice", age: 30 }
```

It is of type:
    _Person_

But you are trying to use it as:
    _Error_

# TOKENS
~~~zig
KwApp(1:1-1:4),OpenSquare(1:5-1:6),LowerIdent(1:6-1:11),CloseSquare(1:11-1:12),OpenCurly(1:13-1:14),LowerIdent(1:15-1:17),OpColon(1:17-1:18),KwPlatform(1:19-1:27),StringStart(1:28-1:29),StringPart(1:29-1:50),StringEnd(1:50-1:51),CloseCurly(1:52-1:53),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(3:2-3:20),
UpperIdent(4:1-4:7),OpColon(4:8-4:9),UpperIdent(4:10-4:13),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(6:2-6:21),
UpperIdent(7:1-7:7),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:7-7:8),LowerIdent(7:8-7:10),Comma(7:10-7:11),LowerIdent(7:12-7:15),CloseRound(7:15-7:16),OpColon(7:17-7:18),OpenSquare(7:19-7:20),UpperIdent(7:20-7:22),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:22-7:23),LowerIdent(7:23-7:25),CloseRound(7:25-7:26),Comma(7:26-7:27),UpperIdent(7:28-7:31),NoSpaceOpenRound(7:31-7:32),LowerIdent(7:32-7:35),CloseRound(7:35-7:36),CloseSquare(7:36-7:37),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(9:2-9:20),
UpperIdent(10:1-10:7),OpColon(10:8-10:9),OpenCurly(10:10-10:11),LowerIdent(10:12-10:16),OpColon(10:17-10:18),UpperIdent(10:19-10:22),Comma(10:22-10:23),LowerIdent(10:24-10:27),OpColon(10:28-10:29),UpperIdent(10:30-10:33),CloseCurly(10:34-10:35),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(12:2-12:22),
UpperIdent(13:1-13:6),NoSpaceOpenRound(13:6-13:7),LowerIdent(13:7-13:8),Comma(13:8-13:9),LowerIdent(13:10-13:11),CloseRound(13:11-13:12),OpColon(13:13-13:14),LowerIdent(13:15-13:16),OpArrow(13:17-13:19),LowerIdent(13:20-13:21),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(15:2-15:28),
UpperIdent(16:1-16:12),NoSpaceOpenRound(16:12-16:13),LowerIdent(16:13-16:17),CloseRound(16:17-16:18),OpColon(16:19-16:20),UpperIdent(16:21-16:27),NoSpaceOpenRound(16:27-16:28),LowerIdent(16:28-16:32),Comma(16:32-16:33),UpperIdent(16:34-16:37),CloseRound(16:37-16:38),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(18:2-18:34),
UpperIdent(19:1-19:6),OpColon(19:7-19:8),OpenSquare(19:9-19:10),UpperIdent(19:10-19:13),Comma(19:13-19:14),UpperIdent(19:15-19:20),Comma(19:20-19:21),UpperIdent(19:22-19:26),Comma(19:26-19:27),UpperIdent(19:28-19:34),NoSpaceOpenRound(19:34-19:35),UpperIdent(19:35-19:37),Comma(19:37-19:38),UpperIdent(19:39-19:41),Comma(19:41-19:42),UpperIdent(19:43-19:45),CloseRound(19:45-19:46),CloseSquare(19:46-19:47),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(21:2-21:45),
UpperIdent(22:1-22:10),NoSpaceOpenRound(22:10-22:11),LowerIdent(22:11-22:15),CloseRound(22:15-22:16),OpColon(22:17-22:18),OpenCurly(22:19-22:20),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(23:5-23:13),OpColon(23:14-23:15),UpperIdent(23:16-23:20),NoSpaceOpenRound(23:20-23:21),LowerIdent(23:21-23:25),CloseRound(23:25-23:26),Comma(23:26-23:27),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(24:5-24:13),OpColon(24:14-24:15),OpenCurly(24:16-24:17),LowerIdent(24:18-24:22),OpColon(24:23-24:24),UpperIdent(24:25-24:28),Comma(24:28-24:29),LowerIdent(24:30-24:37),OpColon(24:38-24:39),UpperIdent(24:40-24:43),CloseCurly(24:44-24:45),Newline(1:1-1:1),
CloseCurly(25:1-25:2),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(27:1-27:6),OpAssign(27:7-27:8),OpBar(27:9-27:10),Underscore(27:10-27:11),OpBar(27:11-27:12),OpenCurly(27:13-27:14),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(28:6-28:42),
LowerIdent(29:5-29:11),OpColon(29:12-29:13),UpperIdent(29:14-29:20),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(30:5-30:11),OpAssign(30:12-30:13),Int(30:14-30:17),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(32:5-32:11),OpColon(32:12-32:13),UpperIdent(32:14-32:20),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(33:5-33:11),OpAssign(33:12-33:13),OpenCurly(33:14-33:15),LowerIdent(33:16-33:20),OpColon(33:20-33:21),StringStart(33:22-33:23),StringPart(33:23-33:28),StringEnd(33:28-33:29),Comma(33:29-33:30),LowerIdent(33:31-33:34),OpColon(33:34-33:35),Int(33:36-33:38),CloseCurly(33:39-33:40),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(35:5-35:10),OpColon(35:11-35:12),UpperIdent(35:13-35:18),Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(36:5-36:10),OpAssign(36:11-36:12),UpperIdent(36:13-36:16),Newline(1:1-1:1),
Newline(1:1-1:1),
LowerIdent(38:5-38:11),Newline(1:1-1:1),
CloseCurly(39:1-39:2),EndOfFile(39:2-39:2),
~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(file @1-1-39-2
	(app @1-1-1-53
		(provides @1-6-1-12
			(exposed-lower-ident (text "main!")))
		(record-field @1-15-1-53 (name "pf")
			(e-string @1-28-1-51
				(e-string-part @1-29-1-50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))
		(packages @1-13-1-53
			(record-field @1-15-1-53 (name "pf")
				(e-string @1-28-1-51
					(e-string-part @1-29-1-50 (raw "../basic-cli/main.roc"))))))
	(statements
		(s-type-decl @4-1-7-7
			(header @4-1-4-7 (name "UserId")
				(args))
			(ty (name "U64")))
		(s-type-decl @7-1-10-7
			(header @7-1-7-16 (name "Result")
				(args
					(ty-var @7-8-7-10 (raw "ok"))
					(ty-var @7-12-7-15 (raw "err"))))
			(ty-tag-union @7-19-7-37
				(tags
					(ty-apply @7-20-7-26
						(ty (name "Ok"))
						(ty-var @7-23-7-25 (raw "ok")))
					(ty-apply @7-28-7-36
						(ty (name "Err"))
						(ty-var @7-32-7-35 (raw "err"))))))
		(s-type-decl @10-1-13-6
			(header @10-1-10-7 (name "Person")
				(args))
			(ty-record @10-10-10-35
				(anno-record-field @10-12-10-23 (name "name")
					(ty (name "Str")))
				(anno-record-field @10-24-10-35 (name "age")
					(ty (name "U64")))))
		(s-type-decl @13-1-16-12
			(header @13-1-13-12 (name "MapFn")
				(args
					(ty-var @13-7-13-8 (raw "a"))
					(ty-var @13-10-13-11 (raw "b"))))
			(ty-fn @13-15-13-21
				(ty-var @13-15-13-16 (raw "a"))
				(ty-var @13-20-13-21 (raw "b"))))
		(s-type-decl @16-1-19-6
			(header @16-1-16-18 (name "ApiResponse")
				(args
					(ty-var @16-13-16-17 (raw "data"))))
			(ty-apply @16-21-16-38
				(ty (name "Result"))
				(ty-var @16-28-16-32 (raw "data"))
				(ty (name "Str"))))
		(s-type-decl @19-1-22-10
			(header @19-1-19-6 (name "Color")
				(args))
			(ty-tag-union @19-9-19-47
				(tags
					(ty (name "Red"))
					(ty (name "Green"))
					(ty (name "Blue"))
					(ty-apply @19-28-19-46
						(ty (name "Custom"))
						(ty (name "U8"))
						(ty (name "U8"))
						(ty (name "U8"))))))
		(s-type-decl @22-1-27-6
			(header @22-1-22-16 (name "Container")
				(args
					(ty-var @22-11-22-15 (raw "item"))))
			(ty-record @22-19-25-2
				(anno-record-field @23-5-23-27 (name "contents")
					(ty-apply @23-16-23-26
						(ty (name "List"))
						(ty-var @23-21-23-25 (raw "item"))))
				(anno-record-field @24-5-25-2 (name "metadata")
					(ty-record @24-16-24-45
						(anno-record-field @24-18-24-29 (name "size")
							(ty (name "U64")))
						(anno-record-field @24-30-24-45 (name "created")
							(ty (name "Str")))))))
		(s-decl @27-1-30-13
			(p-ident @27-1-27-6 (raw "main!"))
			(e-lambda @27-9-30-13
				(args
					(p-underscore))
				(e-malformed @30-5-30-13 (reason "expected_expr_close_curly_or_comma"))))
		(e-malformed @30-12-30-17 (reason "expr_unexpected_token"))
		(e-int @30-14-30-17 (raw "123"))
		(s-type-anno @32-5-33-11 (name "person")
			(ty (name "Person")))
		(s-decl @33-5-33-40
			(p-ident @33-5-33-11 (raw "person"))
			(e-record @33-14-33-40
				(field (field "name") (optional false)
					(e-string @33-22-33-29
						(e-string-part @33-23-33-28 (raw "Alice"))))
				(field (field "age") (optional false)
					(e-int @33-36-33-38 (raw "30")))))
		(s-type-anno @35-5-36-10 (name "color")
			(ty (name "Color")))
		(s-decl @36-5-36-16
			(p-ident @36-5-36-10 (raw "color"))
			(e-tag @36-13-36-16 (raw "Red")))
		(e-ident @38-5-38-11 (qaul "") (raw "userId"))
		(e-malformed @39-1-39-2 (reason "expr_unexpected_token"))))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
app [main!] { pf: platform "../basic-cli/main.roc" }

# Simple type alias
UserId : U64

# Generic type alias
Result(ok, err) : [Ok(ok), Err(err)]

# Record type alias
Person : { name : Str, age : U64 }

# Function type alias
MapFn(a, b) : a -> b

# Complex nested type alias
ApiResponse(data) : Result(data, Str)

# Type declaration with tag union
Color : [Red, Green, Blue, Custom(U8, U8, U8)]

# Type declaration with records and generics
Container(item) : {
	contents : List(item),
	metadata : { size : U64, created : Str },
}

main! = |_|
	123

person : Person
person = { name: "Alice", age: 30 }

color : Color
color = Red

userId

~~~
# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(can-ir
	(d-let (id 133)
		(p-assign @27-1-27-6 (ident "main!") (id 128))
		(e-lambda @27-9-30-13 (id 132)
			(args
				(p-underscore @27-10-27-11 (id 129)))
			(e-runtime-error (tag "lambda_body_not_canonicalized"))))
	(d-let (id 143)
		(p-assign @33-5-33-11 (ident "person") (id 137))
		(e-runtime-error (tag "not_implemented") (id 139))
		(annotation @33-5-33-11 (signature 141) (id 142)
			(declared-type
				(ty @32-14-32-20 (name "Person")))))
	(d-let (id 151)
		(p-assign @36-5-36-10 (ident "color") (id 145))
		(e-tag @36-13-36-16 (ext-var 0) (name "Red") (args "TODO") (id 147))
		(annotation @36-5-36-10 (signature 149) (id 150)
			(declared-type
				(ty @35-13-35-18 (name "Color")))))
	(s-type-decl @4-1-7-7 (id 74)
		(ty-header @4-1-4-7 (name "UserId"))
		(ty @4-10-4-13 (name "U64")))
	(s-type-decl @7-1-10-7 (id 83)
		(ty-header @7-1-7-16 (name "Result")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @7-8-7-10 (name "ok"))
				(ty-var @7-12-7-15 (name "err"))))
		(ty-tag-union @7-19-7-37
			(ty-apply @7-20-7-26 (symbol "Ok")
				(ty-var @7-23-7-25 (name "ok")))
			(ty-apply @7-28-7-36 (symbol "Err")
				(ty-var @7-32-7-35 (name "err")))))
	(s-type-decl @10-1-13-6 (id 91)
		(ty-header @10-1-10-7 (name "Person"))
		(ty-record @10-10-10-35
			(field (field "name")
				(ty @10-19-10-22 (name "Str")))
			(field (field "age")
				(ty @10-30-10-33 (name "U64")))))
	(s-type-decl @13-1-16-12 (id 98)
		(ty-header @13-1-13-12 (name "MapFn")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @13-7-13-8 (name "a"))
				(ty-var @13-10-13-11 (name "b"))))
		(ty-fn @13-15-13-21 (effectful false)
			(ty-var @13-15-13-16 (name "a"))
			(ty-var @13-20-13-21 (name "b"))))
	(s-type-decl @16-1-19-6 (id 104)
		(ty-header @16-1-16-18 (name "ApiResponse")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @16-13-16-17 (name "data"))))
		(ty-apply @16-21-16-38 (symbol "Result")
			(ty-var @16-28-16-32 (name "data"))
			(ty @16-34-16-37 (name "Str"))))
	(s-type-decl @19-1-22-10 (id 114)
		(ty-header @19-1-19-6 (name "Color"))
		(ty-tag-union @19-9-19-47
			(ty @19-10-19-13 (name "Red"))
			(ty @19-15-19-20 (name "Green"))
			(ty @19-22-19-26 (name "Blue"))
			(ty-apply @19-28-19-46 (symbol "Custom")
				(ty @19-35-19-37 (name "U8"))
				(ty @19-39-19-41 (name "U8"))
				(ty @19-43-19-45 (name "U8")))))
	(s-type-decl @22-1-27-6 (id 127)
		(ty-header @22-1-22-16 (name "Container")
			(ty-args
				(ty-var @22-11-22-15 (name "item"))))
		(ty-record @22-19-25-2
			(field (field "contents")
				(ty-apply @23-16-23-26 (symbol "List")
					(ty-var @23-21-23-25 (name "item"))))
			(field (field "metadata")
				(ty-record @24-16-24-45
					(field (field "size")
						(ty @24-25-24-28 (name "U64")))
					(field (field "created")
						(ty @24-40-24-43 (name "Str"))))))))
~~~
# TYPES
~~~clojure
(inferred-types
	(defs
		(def (name "main!") (type "*"))
		(def (name "person") (type "Error"))
		(def (name "color") (type "[Red, * *]")))
	(expressions
		(expr @27-9-30-13 (type "*"))
		(expr @33-14-33-40 (type "Error"))
		(expr @36-13-36-16 (type "[Red, * *]"))))
~~~
