test/snapshots/formatting/multiline_without_comma/package.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Multiline without comma formatting package
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
package
	[
		a!,
		b!
	]
	{
		a: "a",
		b: "b"
	}

a! : Str => Str
b! : Str => Str
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwPackage OpenSquare LowerIdent OpBang Comma LowerIdent OpBang CloseSquare OpenCurly LowerIdent OpColon String Comma LowerIdent OpColon String CloseCurly LowerIdent OpBang OpColon UpperIdent OpFatArrow UpperIdent LowerIdent OpBang OpColon UpperIdent OpFatArrow UpperIdent ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(package-header
  (exposes
    (lc "a")

    (lc "b")
)
  (packages
    (lc "a")

    (binop_colon
      (tuple_literal
        (str_literal_small "a")
        (lc "b")
      )
      (str_literal_small "b")
    )
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
package [a, b] packages {a, ("a", b) : "b"}

a! : Str => Str
b! : Str => Str
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**Unsupported Node**
at 11:6 to 11:9

**Unsupported Node**
at 12:6 to 12:9

# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.binop_thick_arrow
      (Expr.malformed)
      (Expr.apply_tag)
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.binop_thick_arrow
      (Expr.malformed)
      (Expr.apply_tag)
    )
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_c")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
~~~

Commit message:

Fix blank line and comment handling

test/snapshots/formatting/multiline_without_comma/package.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Multiline without comma formatting package
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
package
	[
		a!,
		b!
	]
	{
		a: "a",
		b: "b"
	}

a! : Str => Str
b! : Str => Str
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwPackage OpenSquare LowerIdent OpBang Comma LowerIdent OpBang CloseSquare OpenCurly LowerIdent OpColon String Comma LowerIdent OpColon String CloseCurly BlankLine LowerIdent OpBang OpColon UpperIdent OpFatArrow UpperIdent LowerIdent OpBang OpColon UpperIdent OpFatArrow UpperIdent ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(package-header
  (exposes
    (not_lc "a")

    (not_lc "b")
)
  (packages
    (lc "a")

    (binop_colon
      (tuple_literal
        (str_literal_small "a")
        (lc "b")
      )
      (str_literal_small "b")
    )
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
package [a!, b!] packages {a, ("a", b) : "b"}

a! : Str => Str
b! : Str => Str
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**package.md:11:6:11:9:**
```roc
a! : Str => Str
```
     ^^^


**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**package.md:12:6:12:9:**
```roc
b! : Str => Str
```
     ^^^


# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.binop_thick_arrow
      (Expr.malformed)
      (Expr.apply_tag)
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.not_lookup)
    (Expr.binop_thick_arrow
      (Expr.malformed)
      (Expr.apply_tag)
    )
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_c")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
~~~
