test/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_10.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=where_clauses (10)
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [decode]

import Decode exposing [Decode]

decodeThings # After member name
	: # After colon
		List(List(U8)) -> List(a) # After anno
			where # after where
				module(a).Decode
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare LowerIdent CloseSquare KwImport UpperIdent KwExposing OpenSquare UpperIdent CloseSquare LowerIdent OpColon UpperIdent OpenRound UpperIdent OpenRound UpperIdent CloseRound CloseRound OpArrow UpperIdent OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound KwWhere KwModule OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound Dot UpperIdent ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header
  (exposes
    (lc "decode")
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [decode]

import Decode exposing [Decode]
decodeThings : List List U8 -> List a where module(a) | Decode
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**Unsupported Node**
at 3:1 to 3:32

**Unsupported Node**
at 9:11 to 9:14

# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "decodeThings")
    (Expr.binop_colon
      (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
        (Expr.apply_tag)
        (Expr.apply_tag)
      )
      (Expr.lambda)
    )
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_b")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
~~~

Commit message:

Fix blank line and comment handling

test/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_10.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=where_clauses (10)
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [decode]

import Decode exposing [Decode]

decodeThings # After member name
	: # After colon
		List(List(U8)) -> List(a) # After anno
			where # after where
				module(a).Decode
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare LowerIdent CloseSquare BlankLine KwImport UpperIdent KwExposing OpenSquare UpperIdent CloseSquare BlankLine LowerIdent LineComment OpColon LineComment UpperIdent OpenRound UpperIdent OpenRound UpperIdent CloseRound CloseRound OpArrow UpperIdent OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound LineComment KwWhere LineComment KwModule OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound Dot UpperIdent ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header
  (exposes
    (lc "decode")
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [decode]

import Decode exposing [Decode]
decodeThings : List List U8 -> List a where module(a) | Decode# After member name
# After colon
# After anno
# after where
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**where_clauses_10.md:3:1:3:32:**
```roc
import Decode exposing [Decode]
```
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**where_clauses_10.md:9:11:9:14:**
```roc
				module(a).Decode
```
				      ^^^


# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.malformed)
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "decodeThings")
    (Expr.binop_colon
      (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
        (Expr.apply_tag)
        (Expr.apply_tag)
      )
      (Expr.lambda)
    )
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_b")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
~~~
