test/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_minimal.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Minimal where clause test
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [convert_me]

convert_me : a -> b
	where
		module(a).convert : a -> b
convert_me = ...
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare LowerIdent CloseSquare LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent KwWhere KwModule OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound Dot LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent LowerIdent OpAssign TripleDot ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header
  (exposes
    (lc "convert_me")
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [convert_me]

convert_me : a -> b where module(a).convert : a -> b
convert_me = ...
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**Unsupported Node**
at 5:9 to 5:12

# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "convert_me")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.binop_colon
        (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
          (Expr.lookup "a")
          (Expr.lookup "b")
        )
        (Expr.binop_colon
          (Expr.lambda)
          (Expr.lookup "a")
        )
      )
      (Expr.lookup "b")
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "convert_me")
    (Expr.malformed)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_c")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
convert_me : Error
~~~

Commit message:

Fix blank line and comment handling

test/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_minimal.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Minimal where clause test
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [convert_me]

convert_me : a -> b
	where
		module(a).convert : a -> b
convert_me = ...
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare LowerIdent CloseSquare BlankLine LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent KwWhere KwModule OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound Dot LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent LowerIdent OpAssign TripleDot ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header
  (exposes
    (lc "convert_me")
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [convert_me]

convert_me : a -> b where module(a).convert : a -> b
convert_me = ...
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**where_clauses_minimal.md:5:9:5:12:**
```roc
		module(a).convert : a -> b
```
		      ^^^


# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "convert_me")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.binop_colon
        (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
          (Expr.lookup "a")
          (Expr.lookup "b")
        )
        (Expr.binop_colon
          (Expr.lambda)
          (Expr.lookup "a")
        )
      )
      (Expr.lookup "b")
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "convert_me")
    (Expr.malformed)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_c")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
convert_me : Error
~~~
