test/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_type_annotation.md, before:

# META
~~~ini
description=Simple type annotation with where clause
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [convert]

convert : a -> b where module(a).to_b : a -> b
convert = |a| a.to_b()
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare LowerIdent CloseSquare LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent KwWhere KwModule OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound Dot LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent LowerIdent OpAssign OpBar LowerIdent OpBar LowerIdent Dot LowerIdent OpenRound CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header
  (exposes
    (lc "convert")
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
NO CHANGE
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**Unsupported Node**
at 3:30 to 3:33

# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "convert")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.binop_colon
        (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
          (Expr.lookup "a")
          (Expr.lookup "b")
        )
        (Expr.binop_colon
          (Expr.lambda)
          (Expr.lookup "a")
        )
      )
      (Expr.lookup "b")
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "convert")
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_c")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
convert : _c
~~~

Commit message:

Fix blank line and comment handling

test/snapshots/where_clause/where_clauses_type_annotation.md, after:

# META
~~~ini
description=Simple type annotation with where clause
type=file
~~~
# SOURCE
~~~roc
module [convert]

convert : a -> b where module(a).to_b : a -> b
convert = |a| a.to_b()
~~~
# TOKENS
~~~text
KwModule OpenSquare LowerIdent CloseSquare BlankLine LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent KwWhere KwModule OpenRound LowerIdent CloseRound Dot LowerIdent OpColon LowerIdent OpArrow LowerIdent LowerIdent OpAssign OpBar LowerIdent OpBar LowerIdent Dot LowerIdent OpenRound CloseRound ~~~
# PARSE
~~~clojure
(module-header
  (exposes
    (lc "convert")
))
~~~
# FORMATTED
~~~roc
module [convert]

convert : a -> b where module(a).to_b : a -> b
convert = |a| a.to_b()
~~~
# EXPECTED
NIL
# PROBLEMS
**UNSUPPORTED NODE**
This syntax is not yet supported by the compiler.
This might be a limitation in the current implementation that will be addressed in a future update.

**where_clauses_type_annotation.md:3:30:3:33:**
```roc
convert : a -> b where module(a).to_b : a -> b
```
                             ^^^


# CANONICALIZE
~~~clojure
(Expr.block
  (Expr.binop_colon
    (Expr.lookup "convert")
    (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
      (Expr.binop_colon
        (Expr.binop_thin_arrow
          (Expr.lookup "a")
          (Expr.lookup "b")
        )
        (Expr.binop_colon
          (Expr.lambda)
          (Expr.lookup "a")
        )
      )
      (Expr.lookup "b")
    )
  )
  (Expr.binop_equals
    (Expr.lookup "convert")
    (Expr.lambda)
  )
)
~~~
# SOLVED
~~~clojure
(expr :tag block :type "_c")
~~~
# TYPES
~~~roc
convert : _c
~~~
